I could really use an expert's advice on
what to do about moving the vine to the
side so that the pumpkin will be able to
have room to grow
I'm at a total loss I don't know what to
do I don't know how to do it I started
trying to I did this area up but it's
really buried in there and I'm afraid I
could kill it there's vines here that I
had covered I've pulled them up but oh I
don't know what to do
am I supposed to bring let me back up a
little bit
am I supposed to bring this whole area
this way to give it room or is it just
this that gets moved I really really I
don't know what I'm doing
I need help somebody please give me a
suggestion
let me just sweep around here show you
what I've got under here get this big
stem it comes over this way and out that
way
and this one is not real long yet this
particular one but it's also attached to
the part that goes that way and good
goes out so I don't know how I'm
supposed to talk my suppose I supposed
to try to move this part it's a little
thing here when it gets bigger where am
I supposed to meet this whole area here
if anybody knows please let me know cuz
I have to leave I'm gonna be going for a
week and I really think I should do this
probably before I go so if you know
please let me know I'd appreciate it
thanks